Did you hear that?
This play of the Heavenly Emperor
It costs 10 billion.
Even this lead actor and actress, they're hundreds of millions of chapters.
I think this is the biggest show of the year.
What is the largest black horse?
Can't you hear me?
This play.
They're all people who've never been in a movie before.
The previous owner was still mentally ill.
The lady is an anonymous little producer.
Such a team can't be compensated.
What does Director Chen think?
Such an important play uses two ordinary people.
I see, it's mostly stuck by hedgehogs.
Any, right?
Oh, really, really, go away.
Hello, Director Chen.
I would like to ask you why I let you be so brave.
There are two ordinary people filming this top 5 inspirational movie.
Director Chen, director Chen, are you oppressed by the capital to be able to shoot the top five inspiring films?
General Director Chen, I heard that the main actor in this play was a mental patient.
Why did you choose him as the main actor?